unleash the power of full
high-definition and experience up to
five times picture quality improvement
over standard definition with the LD 450
LCD TV series from LG LG LCD TVs are
perfect for general viewing such as
watching documentaries and soaps and are
available in multiple screen sizes so
whatever size you want in your room they
can fit the bill LG HD ready 1080p also
known as full HD provides 1920 by 1080 P
picture resolution delivering incredible
picture clarity and vibrant colors
you'll see up to five times the picture
clarity in detail in comparison to
standard definition and double the
detail compared to HD ready 720p 1080p
television is the only way to fully
experience the true potential of
high-definition gaming and blu-ray which
takes you even closer to the action
experience the ultimate multimedia
sensation by connecting your games
consoles blu-ray players or other
high-definition devices to the 2 HDMI
ports connect to your digital camera mp3
player or flash memory through the USB
port to show off your latest holiday
snaps or music collection for a true
multimedia experience prepare yourself
for the digital switchover with built-in
digital preview as standard in all LG
TVs you'll have access to over 40 free
view TV and radio channels an 8-day
on-screen guide and digital interactive
services forget tedious setup procedures
picture wizard guarantees you optimized
picture quality every time simply set
the requirements to suit your individual
requirements with a series of
easy-to-use picture control settings
whatever the room you'll find your
perfect home entertainment partner with
LG's LCD TV range
Algie life's good